{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww21840\viewh14620\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
\
\
\
TT\
\
\
You wake up. You remember nothing. You are in a field and the field goes on forever. \
You pick a direction. You begin to walk. \
\
\
\
\
You reach a forest. There are tall trees and on them, a rich dark fruit. \
You remember hunger. The fruit is so close you want to reach out and touch it. \
\
\
When you bite, the fruit bursts in your mouth\'97tart and sweet. \
\
\
\
<You are very big> \
The mountains are like a bridge to the sky. You feel tiny by comparison. You want to stop, to lie down in their shadow, but something calls you forward. \
\
When you reach the top,  circling hawks call out their greetings.\
\
\
<You are very small> \
\
Down in  valley you see a pair of ants. One is trapped under a fallen leaf. They are not what you are looking for. You move on, but before you do, you move the leaf out of the way and stick it in your hat. \
\
\
Water stretches out in front of you, calm and clear. You are feeling better, more whole, but when you see your reflection in the lake it startles you. You are complete, but it is not you. \
Not who you are. Or maybe, not who you want to be. You cross the lake and walk on. \
\
A grassy slope. The sunlight is liquid and warm. You feel, suddenly, that whatever you\'92re looking for is right around the corner. You hurry forward, but then you are slipping and tumbling and rolling. \
You should be afraid, but instead you are laughing, because you haven\'92t felt this way since you were a child. Free and joyful and muddy. \
\
\
When you finally roll to a stop, you find yourself in front of a doorway. You cannot see the other side of it, but a part of you knows that it is home. You shake the mud from your boots. You walk through. \
\
\
\
\
\
\
You wake up. It is morning. \
<real eyes> \
\
\
READ UNTIL HERE \
\
\
Lake  No Recognition \
\
Whatever you\'92re looking for it\'92s not here\
\
Roll \
\
Doorway  . . TT home. \
\
\
~~~~~~~    ~~~~~~~~~~.  ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~\
~~~~~~~~~~~~ ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~\
~~~~~~~~	~~~~~~~~~~~ ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~\
\
\
Hung\
\
\
\
\
You hear the sea. \
\
\
You reach the mountains. They tower over you. You feel very small. }